doc: Update links in docs (#4519)
openservicemesh/osm: DESIGN.md

## OSM Components & Interactions
![OSM Components & Interactions](/docs/images/osm-components-and-interactions.png)

### Containers

> When a new Pod creation is initiated, OSM's [MutatingWebhookConfiguration](/pkg/injector/webhook.go) intercepts the create pod operations for namespaces joined to the mesh, and forwards these API calls to the OSM control plane. OSM control plane augments ([patches](/pkg/injector/patch.go)) the Pod spec with 2 new containers. One is the Envoy sidecar, the other is an init container. The init container is ephemeral. It executes a [generated `iptables` script](/pkg/injector/iptables.go) and terminates. The init container requires [NET_ADMIN Kernel capability](/pkg/injector/init_container.go) for [iptables](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iptables) changes to be applied. OSM uses `iptables` to ensure that all inbound and outbound traffic flows through the Envoy sidecar. The [init container Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/openservicemesh/init) is passed as a string pointing to a container registry. This is passed via the `spec.sidecar.initContainerImage` field of the `MeshConfig`. The default value is defined in the [chart values](/charts/osm/values.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a new Pod creation is initiated, OSM's [Sidecar Injector](/pkg/injector/webhook.go) intercepts the create pod operations for namespaces joined to the mesh, and forwards these API calls to the OSM control plane. OSM control plane [patches](/pkg/injector/patch.go) the Pod spec with two new containers - 1. Init container, 2. Envoy sidecar. The init container is ephemeral. It executes a [set of `iptables` commands](/pkg/injector/iptables.go) and terminates. The init container requires [NET_ADMIN Kernel capability](/pkg/injector/init_container.go) for [iptables](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iptables) changes to be applied. OSM uses `iptables` to ensure that all inbound and outbound traffic is intercepted and redirected to the Envoy sidecar. The [init container Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/openservicemesh/init) is passed as a string pointing to a container registry. This is passed via the `spec.sidecar.initContainerImage` field of the `MeshConfig`. The default value is defined in the [chart values](/charts/osm/values.yaml).
```

## OSM Components & Interactions

> ![OSM Components & Interactions](/docs/images/osm-components-and-interactions.png)

Reviewer 2: Once the page is removed, this reference can be removed as well

Author: This is the link to the image, rather than the removed page. We will keep this link.

### Containers
When a new Pod creation is initiated, OSM's

> [MutatingWebhookConfiguration](/pkg/injector/webhook.go#L422)

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should be referencing specific lines in the docs; these can change very frequently, and we may or may not remember to update them. Please remove exact line references in the code. If you wish to keep references, lets point to specific files and not lines

Reviewer 2: Applies to everything below as well
